src/work/iu-course-search.md, before:

---
title: Course Search
client: Indiana University (UITS)
clientLink: https://uits.iu.edu/
startDate: '2013-03-01'
startDateLabel: March
endDate: '2013-05-16'
endDateLabel: May 2013
---

Tasked with building a proof of concept web application for Indiana University students to search and bookmark classes, this six-week project was the first attempt within the [University Information Technology Services department](http://uits.iu.edu/) to pair a client-side framework ([AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/)) with [REST web services](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) for a student-facing application.

<jade>
figure.Figure
  .Embed
    <iframe src="//player.vimeo.com/video/111944142?title=0&amp;byline=0&amp;portrait=0" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>
  figcaption.Figure-caption
    p Demonstration of the proof of concept course search and bookmarking application.
    p
      a.Button(href="https://vimeo.com/111944142") Watch demo video
      a.Button(href="https://github.com/pxa/course-search") GitHub repository
</jade>

Commit message:

New: Rework Work and Articles lists with descriptions and wrapping layouts

src/work/iu-course-search.md, after:

---
title: Course Search
client: Indiana University (UITS)
clientLink: https://uits.iu.edu/
startDate: '2013-03-01'
startDateLabel: March
endDate: '2013-05-16'
endDateLabel: May 2013
description: Building a proof of concept app with AngularJS and REST services.
---

Tasked with building a proof of concept web application for Indiana University students to search and bookmark classes, this six-week project was the first attempt within the [University Information Technology Services department](http://uits.iu.edu/) to pair a client-side framework ([AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/)) with [REST web services](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) for a student-facing application.

<jade>
figure.Figure
  .Embed
    <iframe src="//player.vimeo.com/video/111944142?title=0&amp;byline=0&amp;portrait=0" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>
  figcaption.Figure-caption
    p Demonstration of the proof of concept course search and bookmarking application.
    p
      a.Button(href="https://vimeo.com/111944142") Watch demo video
      a.Button(href="https://github.com/pxa/course-search") GitHub repository
</jade>
