src/resume.md, before:

---
title: Résumé
template: default.html
---

## Experience

### Co-organizer, [IxDA Bloomington](http://www.meetup.com/IxDA-Bloomington/)

<time datetime="2013-05">May 2013</time> &ndash; Present,
[Bloomington, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloomington,_Indiana)

Organized twice-monthly topical and networking events for the local chapter of
[IxDA](http://ixda.org 'Interaction Design Association') to facilitate
and grow the Bloomington design community.

### Interaction Designer, [Kuali Student](http://www.kuali.org/ks)

<time datetime="2013-08">August 2013</time> &ndash; <time datetime="2014-10">October 2014</time>,
[Bloomington, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloomington,_Indiana)

Researched and established design and front-end development standards.
Designed and developed proof-of-concept applications to explore experimental technologies and techniques.
Facilitated collaboration among designers throughout the Kuali community.

### Interaction Designer, [Process Experience Architecture](http://pxa.iu.edu), [Indiana University](http://iu.edu)

<time datetime="2012-07">July 2012</time> &ndash; <time datetime="2013-07">July 2013</time>,
[Bloomington, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloomington,_Indiana)

Designed, wireframed, and prototyped web user interfaces to enhance the student
experience with university informations systems.
Refined front-end standards and practices.

### Co-founder, [BitHouse Design](http://bithousedesign.com)

<time datetime="2011-09">September 2011</time> &ndash; <time datetime="2012-09">September 2012</time>,
[Bloomington, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloomington,_Indiana)

Collaborated with clients to design web and mobile products.
Produced an online service (Rundwn) for empowering coordinators,
runners, and spectators of long-distance races with real-time event results.

### UX Design Intern, [LexisNexis](http://www.lexisnexis.com)

<time datetime="2010-05">May</time> &ndash; <time datetime="2010-08">August 2010</time>,
[Dayton, Ohio](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dayton,_Ohio)

Designed and iterated low- and high-fidelity interactive visualization prototypes
to assist users researching with Lexis search products.

### Multimedia Developer Intern, [Pervasive Technology Labs](http://vis.iu.edu), [IUPUI](http://www.iupui.edu 'Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis')

<time datetime="2008-09">September 2008</time> &ndash; <time datetime="2009-05">May 2009</time>,
[Indianapolis, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indianapolis)

Researched and developed motion, color and symbol tracking algorithms to explore
the limits of video processing and analysis in ActionScript 3.

### Web Developer Volunteer, [Lakeview Church](http://www.lakeviewchurch.org)

<time datetime="2007-01">January 2007</time> &ndash; <time datetime="2009-05">May 2009</time>,
[Indianapolis, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indianapolis)

Converted content management system to WordPress.
Developed WordPress themes and Flash podcast player.
Assisted with various network administration activities.

### Web Developer Intern, A Beautiful Question

<time datetime="2008-01">January</time> &ndash; <time datetime="2008-05">May 2008</time>,
[Indianapolis, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indianapolis)

Collaborated with out-of-state clients to develop WordPress themes and Adobe AIR
applications.

## Education

### M.S. [Human-Computer Interaction Design](http://hcid.informatics.indiana.edu)

<time datetime="2011-06">June 2011</time>,
[Indiana University](http://iu.edu),
[Bloomington, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloomington,_Indiana)

### B.S. [Media Arts & Sciences](http://soic.iupui.edu/undergraduate/degrees/media-arts/)

<time datetime="2009-05">May 2009</time>,
[Indiana University (IUPUI)](http://iupui.edu),
[Indianapolis, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indianapolis)

<abbr title="With Highest Honors">Summa Cum Laude</abbr>,
General Honors

### Minor [Computer & Information Science](http://cs.iupui.edu)

<time datetime="2009-05">May 2009</time>,
[Purdue University (IUPUI)](http://iupui.edu),
[Indianapolis, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indianapolis)

Commit message:

Add granted patent to resume.

src/resume.md, after:

---
title: Résumé
template: default.html
---

## Experience

### Co-organizer, [IxDA Bloomington](http://www.meetup.com/IxDA-Bloomington/)

<time datetime="2013-05">May 2013</time> &ndash; Present,
[Bloomington, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloomington,_Indiana)

Organized twice-monthly topical and networking events for the local chapter of
[IxDA](http://ixda.org 'Interaction Design Association') to facilitate
and grow the Bloomington design community.

### Interaction Designer, [Kuali Student](http://www.kuali.org/ks)

<time datetime="2013-08">August 2013</time> &ndash; <time datetime="2014-10">October 2014</time>,
[Bloomington, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloomington,_Indiana)

Researched and established design and front-end development standards.
Designed and developed proof-of-concept applications to explore experimental technologies and techniques.
Facilitated collaboration among designers throughout the Kuali community.

### Interaction Designer, [Process Experience Architecture](http://pxa.iu.edu), [Indiana University](http://iu.edu)

<time datetime="2012-07">July 2012</time> &ndash; <time datetime="2013-07">July 2013</time>,
[Bloomington, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloomington,_Indiana)

Designed, wireframed, and prototyped web user interfaces to enhance the student
experience with university informations systems.
Refined front-end standards and practices.

### Co-founder, [BitHouse Design](http://bithousedesign.com)

<time datetime="2011-09">September 2011</time> &ndash; <time datetime="2012-09">September 2012</time>,
[Bloomington, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloomington,_Indiana)

Collaborated with clients to design web and mobile products.
Produced an online service (Rundwn) for empowering coordinators,
runners, and spectators of long-distance races with real-time event results.

### UX Design Intern, [LexisNexis](http://www.lexisnexis.com)

<time datetime="2010-05">May</time> &ndash; <time datetime="2010-08">August 2010</time>,
[Dayton, Ohio](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dayton,_Ohio)

Designed and iterated low- and high-fidelity interactive visualization prototypes
to assist users researching with Lexis search products. [Co-invented a patent](http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO1&Sect2=HITOFF&d=PALL&p=1&u=%2Fnetahtml%2FPTO%2Fsrchnum.htm&r=1&f=G&l=50&s1=88,74,569.PN.&OS=PN/88,74,569&RS=PN/88,74,569) for visualizing the presence of search terms across a set of documents.

### Multimedia Developer Intern, [Pervasive Technology Labs](http://vis.iu.edu), [IUPUI](http://www.iupui.edu 'Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis')

<time datetime="2008-09">September 2008</time> &ndash; <time datetime="2009-05">May 2009</time>,
[Indianapolis, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indianapolis)

Researched and developed motion, color and symbol tracking algorithms to explore
the limits of video processing and analysis in ActionScript 3.

### Web Developer Volunteer, [Lakeview Church](http://www.lakeviewchurch.org)

<time datetime="2007-01">January 2007</time> &ndash; <time datetime="2009-05">May 2009</time>,
[Indianapolis, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indianapolis)

Converted content management system to WordPress.
Developed WordPress themes and Flash podcast player.
Assisted with various network administration activities.

### Web Developer Intern, A Beautiful Question

<time datetime="2008-01">January</time> &ndash; <time datetime="2008-05">May 2008</time>,
[Indianapolis, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indianapolis)

Collaborated with out-of-state clients to develop WordPress themes and Adobe AIR
applications.

## Education

### M.S. [Human-Computer Interaction Design](http://hcid.informatics.indiana.edu)

<time datetime="2011-06">June 2011</time>,
[Indiana University](http://iu.edu),
[Bloomington, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloomington,_Indiana)

### B.S. [Media Arts & Sciences](http://soic.iupui.edu/undergraduate/degrees/media-arts/)

<time datetime="2009-05">May 2009</time>,
[Indiana University (IUPUI)](http://iupui.edu),
[Indianapolis, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indianapolis)

<abbr title="With Highest Honors">Summa Cum Laude</abbr>,
General Honors

### Minor [Computer & Information Science](http://cs.iupui.edu)

<time datetime="2009-05">May 2009</time>,
[Purdue University (IUPUI)](http://iupui.edu),
[Indianapolis, Indiana](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indianapolis)
